OSDOCS-9969: netobserv cli (#75055)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/network_observability/netobserv_cli/netobserv-cli-install.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="netobserv-cli-install"]
= Installing the Network Observability CLI
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: cli-install

toc::[]

> The Network Observability CLI (`oc netobserv`) is deployed separately from the Network Observability Operator. The CLI is available as an :oc-first: plugin. It provides a lightweight way to quickly debug and troubleshoot with Network Observability.

Author: This is a good question because I was just going off of the Operator capitalization, but you're right to point out that this isn't the Operator I'm talking about here, its the idea of network observability. I will need to dig more into this to find out.

> The Network Observability CLI (`oc netobserv`) is deployed separately from the Network Observability Operator. The CLI is available as an :oc-first: plugin. It provides a lightweight way to quickly debug and troubleshoot with Network Observability.

Author: So for non-operator or cli references, I think the lowercase is the way to go.

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="netobserv-cli-install"]
= Installing the netobserv CLI
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: cli-install

toc::[]

> You can quickly debug and troubleshoot with Network Observability by using the Network Observability `netobserv` CLI. The `netobserv` CLI is a flow and packet visualization tool that relies on the eBPF agent to stream collected data to a local collector. It requires no storage, compared with the Operator version of Network Observability, since each node generates a file containing its related data. This enables quick, live insight into packets and flow data and requires no configuration. 

Reviewer: Some updates here:
- `netobserv` is the upstream name and the command to run. The downstream name of the product is still `Network Observability CLI`
- the files are not separated per node anymore
- there is still some configuration as command parameters to enable features / filters
- the most important note here is that we don't need any installation

```suggestion
You can quickly debug and troubleshoot with Network Observability by using the Network Observability CLI. The CLI is a flow and packet visualization tool that relies on the eBPF agents to stream collected data to an ephemeral collector pod. It requires no persistent storage during the capture. After the run, the output is transfered to your local machine. This enables quick, live insight into packets and flow data without installing any operator. 
```

Author: Thanks! 
- I was thinking that we would refer to the Network Observability CLI like how we refer to the [OpenShift CLI (`oc`) ](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.15/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html), since the command in the terminal is `netobserv`. See how in the link, they said "OpenShift CLI (`oc`)"
- removed
- gotcha, I think I was meaning that there's no _storage_ configuration, so I clarified this bit. 
- Okay, I included that the Operator doesn't need to be installed in the Procedure module, `/modules/network-observability-netobserv-cli-install.adoc`

Author: Going back through my comments here, and there was a little more I needed to address, so I added in your suggested text as well.
